README.markdown, before:

# Fourth Wall

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alphagov/fourth-wall.png)](https://travis-ci.org/alphagov/fourth-wall)

Fourth Wall is a Django application for displaying open pull requests
and build status on a monitor.

## Configuration

You need to pass a query parameter when making a request to the application:

- `token`, a [GitHub personal access token](https://github.com/settings/applications)

Optional query parameters:

- `listinterval`, the update interval for the list of monitored repos in seconds
- `interval`, the update interval for monitored repos in seconds

Repositories are stored in the database and modified with the Django admin interface.

### Support for GitHub Enterprise

If you want to use GitHub Enterprise you must pass in a token for that hostname
as a query parameter, of the form `<hostname>_token`.

## Running locally

Create a PostgreSQL database:

```sql
CREATE DATABASE fourth_wall;
CREATE USER fourth_wall WITH SUPERUSER PASSWORD 'devpassword';
```

Install dependencies, set up the database and generate static files:

```bash
virtualenv venv/
. venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python manage.py syncdb
python manage.py collectstatic
```

Run the app with foreman:

```bash
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:5000
```

## Deploying to Heroku

```bash
heroku create
git push heroku master
```

Commit message:

Use python-social-auth to login with GitHub
This commit adds authentication with GitHub and GitHub Enterprise
using python-social-auth.

The flow isn't perfect yet but I'm pretty happy with it:

- You must sign in with GitHub (public) first
- You can only sign in to GitHub Enterprise if you're signed in to
  GitHub already
- If you're signed in to GitHub and you sign in to GitHub Enterprise,
  your 2 tokens are associated with the same account in the database.

Tokens are returned in the list of repositories, and the JavaScript
has been updated to use those tokens rather than try and pry one out
of the query string.

README.markdown, after:

# Fourth Wall

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alphagov/fourth-wall.png)](https://travis-ci.org/alphagov/fourth-wall)

Fourth Wall is a Django application for displaying open pull requests
and build status on a monitor.

## Configuration

There are some optional query parameters:

- `listinterval`, the update interval for the list of monitored repos in seconds
- `interval`, the update interval for monitored repos in seconds

To authenticate with GitHub, visit `/login` and you'll be prompted to approve
the app.

Repositories are stored in the database and modified with the Django admin interface.

### Support for GitHub Enterprise

If you want to use GitHub Enterprise, make sure you're signed in with GitHub already
and then visit `/login` for a second time and you can add your GitHub Enterprise account.

## Running locally

Create a PostgreSQL database:

```sql
CREATE DATABASE fourth_wall;
CREATE USER fourth_wall WITH SUPERUSER PASSWORD 'devpassword';
```

Install dependencies, set up the database and generate static files:

```bash
virtualenv venv/
. venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py syncdb
python manage.py collectstatic
```

Run the app with foreman:

```bash
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:5000
```

## Deploying to Heroku

```bash
heroku create
git push heroku master
```
